data/audio/miki1.wav data/labels/miki1.lab
data/audio/miki2.wav data/labels/miki2.lab
data/audio/miki3.wav data/labels/miki3.lab
data/audio/paki1.wav data/labels/paki1.lab
data/audio/paki2.wav data/labels/paki2.lab
data/audio/paki3.wav data/labels/paki3.lab
data/audio/szymon1.wav data/labels/szymon1.lab
data/audio/szymon2.wav data/labels/szymon2.lab
data/audio/szymon3.wav data/labels/szymon3.lab
data/audio/szymon4.wav data/labels/szymon4.lab
data/audio/Asia1.wav data/labels/Asia1.lab
data/audio/Asia2.wav data/labels/Asia2.lab
data/audio/Asia3.wav data/labels/Asia3.lab
data/audio/Asia4.wav data/labels/Asia4.lab
data/audio/Asia5.wav data/labels/Asia5.lab
data/audio/Asia6.wav data/labels/Asia6.lab
data/audio/Kasia1.wav data/labels/Kasia1.lab
data/audio/Kasia2.wav data/labels/Kasia2.lab
data/audio/Kasia3.wav data/labels/Kasia3.lab
data/audio/Kasia4.wav data/labels/Kasia4.lab
data/audio/Kasia5.wav data/labels/Kasia5.lab
data/audio/Kasia6.wav data/labels/Kasia6.lab
data/audio/Bartek1.wav data/labels/Bartek1.lab
data/audio/Bartek2.wav data/labels/Bartek2.lab
data/audio/Bartek3.wav data/labels/Bartek3.lab